rollback docs for miner/markets split (#967)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/mine/lotus/split-markets-miners.md

You need to generate a `config.toml` for the markets node, and have them ready for the next step. For more information see [configuration usage page](https://docs.filecoin.io/get-started/lotus/configuration-and-advanced-usage/) and the [custom storage layout page](https://docs.filecoin.io/mine/lotus/custom-storage-layout/).

If you intend to run the `mining/sealing/proving` node on the same machine as the `markets` node, make sure that their listeners do not clash:

```toml
[API]
  ListenAddress = "/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8787/http"
  RemoteListenAddress = "127.0.0.1:8787"
```

By default the `lotus-miner` API server listens to port 2345, so in the example configuration above, we change the configuration for the `markets` node to listen to `127.0.0.1:8787`.

In the example commands below, we have placed the `config.toml` in the `~/.lotusmarket` directory.

> Make sure you adjust the `[Libp2p]` section on the `markets` node accordingly - it needs to be publicly accessible.

Reviewer: I'd suggest giving a little more detail here on exactly what needs to be adjusted

Author: This really depends on the setup of the miner, if they have a public IP, if they are behind NAT (like the `sofiaminer`), so I am leaving it somewhat vague on purpose. I think we have a lot of docs on this already in other parts of the website. Most probably this should just be a copy of the existing Libp2p section miners already had, but I don't want to make that assumption.

> The `[Libp2p]` section on the `mining/sealing/proving` node is no longer needed given that this node won't be running a Libp2p node.

Reviewer: Suggest changing this to read
`node can be removed because this node will no longer be running a Libp2p node`

                           ~/lotus-backup-location/backupfile
```

## Move the DAG store directory to the markets node repository

```shell
mv ~/.lotusminer/dagStore ~/markets-repo-location/
```

## Start the `mining/sealing/proving` miner process without the markets subsystem

1. Update your `config.toml` and set `EnableMarkets` option to `false`.

2. Start the node (with the default LOTUS_MINER_PATH, which should point to your `mining/sealing/proving` node repo). Note that `lotus-miner` interacts with a given repository depending on the `LOTUS_MINER_PATH` environment variable!

```shell
./lotus-miner run
```

## Start the `markets` miner process with the markets subsystem

```shell
LOTUS_MINER_PATH=~/markets-repo-location ./lotus-miner run
```

## Rollback to `lotus-miner` monolith process

> > Warning: after rollback, your miner won't be able to serve any deals that were made to it while the system was running in multi-process architecture (i.e. with a split `markets` service)

Reviewer: > won't be able to serve any deals that were made to it

`won't be able to serve any storage deals that were made to it`

```sh
LOTUS_MINER_PATH=~/markets-repo-location ./lotus-miner run
```

> ## Rollback from a multi-process architecture back to `lotus-miner` monolith process

Reviewer 2: > This is a _very_ long title. How about:

```suggestion
## Rollback to `lotus-miner` monolith process
```

> In case you want to revert the changes listed above and go back to running `lotus-miner` as a single process, you have to do the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to revert the changes listed above and go back to running `lotus-miner` as a single process, run the following:
```

> 1. Make sure that the `mining/sealing/proving` node is publicly exposed, as we will be enabling the markets subsystem on it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Make sure that the Lotus node is publicly exposed. We will be enabling the markets subsystem on it.
```

Author: During `rollback` (what this PR is adding docs for), the user has 2 miner nodes - the `mining/sealing/proving` miner node, and the `markets` miner node, and this chunk of docs is about uniting them into 1 miner node.

Further up in the docs I was referring to the `mining/sealing/proving` node with that name (sometimes in the past we've also used the `main` miner node, but that's not great...)

---

So I think this should stay as is, or at least we should be explicit about which repository config we are editing.

> 
> 2. In the `mining/sealing/proving` repository, update the `config.toml` and set `EnableMarkets` option to `true`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the `mining/sealing/proving` repository, update the `config.toml` and set `EnableMarkets` option to `true`
```

I'm confused about the `the `mining/sealing/proving` repository` bit. Are you referring to one of these repositories? Or does the reader have to change an option in all three?

Author: Yes, I am referring to a specific repository - the one for the main miner node, i.e. the `mining/sealing/proving` node, and NOT the `markets` node.

If the user is attempting a rollback from a multi-process lotus miner architecture, then they have at least 2 repositories at this stage.

Reviewer 2: Oh I see! The `mining/sealing/proving` node is _one node_ that mines, seals, and provides? That makes sense then.

> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```yaml
````

Not sure if this is YAML, TOML, or something else entirely.

Author: It's TOML - part of the `config.toml`.

[Subsystems]
  EnableMining = true
  EnableSealing = true
  EnableSectorStorage = true
  EnableMarkets = true
```

> 3. Restart the `mining/sealing/proving` node (with the default LOTUS_MINER_PATH, which should point to your `mining/sealing/proving` node repo). Note that `lotus-miner` interacts with a given repository depending on the `LOTUS_MINER_PATH` environment variable!

Reviewer 2: > with the default LOTUS_MINER_PATH

This paragraph is confusing. Are we assuming that the reader is running multiple Lotus daemons on one machine? Is it not just easier to say:

```suggestion
1. Restart the node.
```

Author: The user is running 2 lotus-miner instances - `mining/sealing/proving` and a `markets`. They also run a `lotus daemon`, so in total 3 repositories.

This step is specifically about the `mining/sealing/proving` repository.

> ```sh

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```shell
````

It's better to use full language names, rather than their aliases. It makes visually scanning the docs easier for writers.

./lotus-miner run
```

4. Fetch the node identity. This is necessary as you have to update your miner's peer identity on-chain, as it was changed to the identity of the markets node during the initialising of the markets service repository.

> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```shell
````

./lotus-miner net id
```

5. Update the miner's peer id on-chain with the result from the previous step.

> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```shell
````

  EnableMarkets = true
```

1. Move back the DAG store directory to the monolith miner node repository

```shell
mv ~/markets-repo-location/dagStore ~/.lotusminer/
```

1. Restart the `mining/sealing/proving` node (with the default LOTUS_MINER_PATH, which should point to your `mining/sealing/proving` node repo). Note that `lotus-miner` interacts with a given repository depending on the `LOTUS_MINER_PATH` environment variable!

```shell
./lotus-miner run
```

1. Fetch the node identity. This is necessary as you have to update your miner's peer identity on-chain, as it was changed to the identity of the markets node during the initialising of the markets service repository.

```shell
./lotus-miner net id
```

1. Update the miner's peer id on-chain with the result from the previous step.

```shell
./lotus-miner actor set-peer-id 12D3XXXXX
```

As soon as the message is confirmed, clients will know to look for the node identity of your `mining/sealing/proving` node, which now also runs the `markets` subsystem, i.e. currently all Lotus subsystems.

## DAG store troubleshooting

> In case anything goes wrong with the DAG store, you can always remove the `dagStore` directory and restart your miner.

Reviewer: `If there are any problems related to the DAG store, you can safely stop the node, remove the `dagStore` directory and restart your miner. It will re-register all active deals in the dagStore directory from scratch on startup.`
